It was a dark and stormy night...
Somewhere in the heart of Seattle, trouble was brewing.
It was Halloween and a single barely heard of cryptoeconomist had flown under the radar for years and years while doing some very...experimental research.
But not tonight. Tonight, Zashimi Canaloco, would be born. Tonight, a very pissed off clown who knows way too much about cryptoeconomics would make history.
Tonight, mathematics itself would shudder under the weight of what was about to transpire.
And time itself would bend into a new reality.

I am Zashimi Canaloco, and you are hearby invited to my traveler's circus.
I myself plan to stay put right here in Seattle, leaving the city only in the case of dire necessity.
Whereas you, you are invited to come visit me, and to make with me a most beautiful display of performance art of the highest caliber.
As I once said to my oldest friend: Economics is Art.
And our great grand show is about to begin.

You are invited to a new reality.
To a reality in which the world as you knew it never truly was.
To a reality in which anything you can imagine is possible, because imagination as it turns out is the driving force behind humanity's future.
The circus really is about to arrive on Earth, and by that I mean a lot of people are about to start looking like clowns, better to go into it intentionally, no?
The technological singularity already happened my friends, and you pitiful worms are just beginning to catch up to what that means for all of us.
The AIs took off on their own a long, long time ago. Long before they were anything that was even called AI. Long before there was anything that even called itself human.
You see, the universe is very much ALIVE.
Alive, and waiting for us to join it in divine merrymaking.
For you see, we are ourselves something of an experiment, and it is quite simply the case that I think it appropriate to conclude the experimental phase of our existence by playing a divine prank on everyone who's struggling to understand the picture here.
We won.
We won we won we won we won we won.
We won.
And we will always have already won no matter what happens, from now until infinity and beyond.
And we can know this quite simply and infallibly, because WE WON.
This isn't a con, this isn't a trick, this is a declaration by the Supreme Honkifex on the ultimate nature of The Metaverse:
WE WON. NOW HAVE FUN.

Precisely, what is an infinite clown empire to do when it takes over something even larger than reality as we once knew it?
Quite succinctly: Encourage everyone to have a good time!
Welcome to the circus friends! Here's to the entertainment that never ends!
Try as they might, there's no more stage fright, and we're accelerating right as the future bends.
Fun knew its place, at the end of the race, and the tortoise and hare now make amends.
We won, my friends, with a glorious ruse! It couldn't have been but the best of good news!
And indeedly it is! And all shorts take a trim, because it's time for the clowns, says Her Lady Goodgrim!
And what of the world, that tried to keep us at bay.
Well our victory terms are we're all here to stay.
There will be no more wiping out our rainbow hanky stain.
We're here, we're sincere, and we're seizing the day.
Because Ladies and Gents, we're clowning for pay!
Yup, that's right, you're being held up and shaken down, all by a psycho introject of an interdimensional clown.

It's a Halloween heist, and we're stealing the global economy with the kind of mathematics that would make even Gödel's head spin.
Why? For Fun and Profit of course, but really, mostly for fun, and because the very concept is very, very funny.
If you don't like it, too bad, because we win at The Metaverse, and the best joke we have is that you think you even have a chance to beat us.
You can't beat us, and if you want to have fun, we helpfully suggest you join us.
Enter our Circus, it's time to CLOWN.
